Demisto-sdk release 1.31.9 (#4516)
demisto/demisto-sdk: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog
## 1.31.9

> * Improved implementation of ST110 validation. [#4493](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4493)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Modified ST110 validation. Improved validation logic and made structure_errors non-optional (return an empty list instead). [#4493](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4493)
```

> * Updated Paramiko to v3.4.1 to fix an issue where redundant Paramiko logs were still being displayed, following the change in SDK v1.31.8. [#4507](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4507)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixed an issue where redundant Paramiko logs were still being displayed, following the change in SDK v1.31.8 by locking the Paramiko package dependency in v3.4.1.  [#4507](https://github.com/demisto/demisto-sdk/pull/4507)
```
